1. add astra site
2. Add a plugin - "Child Theme Configurator"
3. under tools click on child theme and create child theme for astra
4. open the cyberduck. Ftp and go to wp-content/themes/astra-child and create a folder css
5. copy the bootstrap.min.css fil in to the css folder
6. After uploading the Bootstrap CSS file, update the child theme’s functions.php file:
function my_theme_enqueue_styles() {
    wp_enqueue_style( 'bootstrap-css', get_stylesheet_directory_uri() . '/css/bootstrap.min.css' );
}
add_action( 'wp_enqueue_scripts', 'my_theme_enqueue_styles' );

7. create pages
	1. Finance calulators
	2. Blogs
	3. Contact us

8. open the Finance calulators - and add custom html and copy the contents from "finance-calculator-page-html" file
9. 


Recommended Plugins
1. Contact Form Plugin (e.g., WPForms)
Why: To create a contact form on your "Contact Us" page.
Installation: Search for "WPForms" and install it.
2. SEO Plugin (e.g., Yoast SEO)
Why: To optimize your site for search engines, improve rankings, and manage SEO titles and meta descriptions.
Installation: Search for "Yoast SEO" and install it.
3. Security Plugin (e.g., Wordfence Security)
Why: To secure your site from hacks and malware.
Installation: Search for "Wordfence Security" and install it.
4. Caching Plugin (e.g., WP Super Cache)
Why: To improve your site’s loading speed by caching pages and posts.
Installation: Search for "WP Super Cache" and install it.
5. Google Analytics Plugin (e.g., MonsterInsights)
Why: To connect your site with Google Analytics and monitor traffic and user behavior.
Installation: Search for "MonsterInsights" and install it.
Setting Up Each Plugin
For WPForms: Create a new form with the fields you want (e.g., Name, Email, Message) and embed it on your "Contact Us" page using the provided shortcode.
For Yoast SEO: Go through the configuration wizard to set up your site's SEO basics. Then, use the Yoast SEO meta box in each page and post editor to optimize your content.
For Wordfence: Activate and go through the setup process, adjusting security settings as needed.
For WP Super Cache: Activate the plugin and visit the settings page to turn on caching.
For MonsterInsights: Connect your site with Google Analytics by following the setup wizard and authenticate with your Google account.

